feat(inputs.powerdns_recursor): Support for new PowerDNS recursor control protocol (#9633)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/powerdns_recursor/README.md

  # socket_dir = "/var/run/"
  ## Socket permissions for the receive socket.
  # socket_mode = "0666"

  ## The version of the powerdns control protocol to use. You will have to
  ## change this based on your PowerDNS Recursor version, see below:
  ## PowerDNS <4.5.0 => Protocol Version 1
  ## PowerDNS 4.5.0 - 4.5.9 => Protocol Version 2

>   ## PowerDNS >=4.6.0 => Protocol Version 3

Reviewer: Do you perhaps know if there is a way to detect the version so you don't have to configure it?

Author: I can't think of a good way to detect the version, since the protocol itself doesn't carry any version information and these versions numbers are just numbers I came up with. Could do something like try them all progressively and settle on the one that works, but doesn't sound ideal.

Author: It currently defaults to version 1 when not set.

  ## By default this is set to 1.
  # control_protocol_version = 1
```

### Newer PowerDNS Recursor versions

The control protocol was updated in PowerDNS Recursor 4.5.0. If you're using

> version 4.5.0 and newer you need to set `new_control_protocol` to `true` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version 4.5.0 and newer you need to set `control_protocol_version` to `3` in
```

Reviewer 2: @OrfeasZ I do agree with this change, better sounding config option. Also may way to mention version 2 was briefly used.

Author: Looks like I missed updating this part of the readme. I'll do a revision.
